In the last course module, we added something super important, push notifications. Something priorly only
available to native mobile apps,
now available in web apps too,
that's just amazing.
Now let's continue this road and let's see which other native device features we can use in our progressive
web app.
In this module, we'll enhance our application by adding access to the device camera and also to the location.
You'll see that we have to request permissions to access both but once we did that, we can of course
access it, take the camera to take an image and upload that onto the server.
Well, that's exactly what we're going to do in this module.
By doing that and by adding that, you again have another powerful way of enhancing your applications
and getting closer to this native mobile app-like feeling and behavior.